hello guys today I'm going to be
unboxing a scale 200 just out the West
it's a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-700
and New Mexico for waiting gear
including local time on the Pacific is
922 and in the East Coast it is noon I
just got done so yeah
New Mexico County but the plane came
from New Mexico and it same word station
number I was sitting right there yep
my uncle was actually a pilot for
Southwest so that's how he is my family
to be at the first row he gives us free
upgrades to dismiss clock and if I'm on
Southwest and you see me that means I am
a business class or like the last-minute
trip and my dad would come tonight
uncle or business class is sold out so
yeah hairdo
and scared you don't need a whip those
long lines need to be careful when I
flip this
I'm very afraid of breaking my models
and you don't want that to happen
am i right everything doesn't want to
break some models may be some people
that it views their models no no I don't
recommend these two models to kind of
like eight-year-olds and younger people
because you know that they would think
it's a little toy stuff but these are my
old models and they're really special I
don't weigh - you could see it
he kind of moves back one yeah
I have to use this to clean off my mouth
okay